Whether it is Xingyue Media or Li Feier
It's not what you can get.
I'll give you this sentence intact.
good
Very good toast not to eat
Drink a penalty drink
Then let me see
You country bumpkin
How many coins can you get out of your pocket?
Mr. Qian
You should prepare for the auction first.
I can't wait
To see a dog jumping up and down in a hurry
It must be interesting
You little bastard, you're just taking advantage of the situation now.
I will let you see my strength
Miss Faye
When I acquire Xingyue Media
I will love you well
good
Feng Ge
Are you really confident that you can beat the Liu family?
The Liu family is nothing to be afraid of.
Let's go, the show is about to begin